QUANDRAX
========
The QUick ANd Dirty paRAdoX converter.

I AM RUSHING DEVELOPMENT OF THE RUBY VERSION. The C++ port will follow after. This'll enable quicker hacking and
design choices.

What is Quandrax?
-----------------
It's a project to create a single, unified save game converter. Currently, it is primarily focused on CK2-EU3, as that seems to be the biggest need.

What's New?
-----------
- Written in C++ (for standalone windows executables) and Ruby (for "hacking" easier)
- Cleaner code base allows faster additions, patches, features, etc.
- More advanced configuration options
- More advanced conversion options

How Do I Use it?
----------------
0. Please note you MUST have the Ruby interpreter installed to use the Ruby version. You can download it here: http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/. It's worth it; Ruby is great, you'll find the joy of scripting when you start modding ANYTHING, and it's becoming popular enough it's worth having the interpreter installed.
1. Download it either from Github at https://github.com/MiltonStanley/Quandrax (click on the download ZIP button towards the top), or directly from Sourceforge at http://sourceforge.net/projects/quandrax/
2. Put your CK2 save game in the same folder as quandrax.[exe or rb], and then run Quandrax. It will create an EU3 save game with the same filename. Put this in your EU3 save game folder. 

How Can I Help?
---------------
By posting Issues, Fixes, Suggestions for Features, and so on in the issues tab, the QUandrax blog posts in the ParadoxPlaza website, OR in the appropriate forum threads.

TODO
----
0. Make sure any template files are base-EU3 compatible.
1. Divide save file structure into pieces; each piece as its own template. This will allow easier addition of features over time (more modular structure).
2. Match features in CK2 to EU3, along with a "conversion" system
3. Work through each template, one at a time, to eliminate the need for them. The goal is a to not use any templates at all; the converted file is 100% generated by Quandrax.
4. Be done by August 2013.